Hi, everyone.
So now let's discuss another problem.
It's generating brackets.
Very interesting problem.
On Generating Springs.
We need to write a function to generate all possible strings which contain n pair  of balance parentheses.
So we can use these opening and closing brackets to generate strings which contain n such pairs.
Okay.
So for example, if n is two, we know we only have 2 such pairs and these are two pairs.
Okay, so input will be a number and output will be these strings.
Okay.
So let's see one more example.
Also, you cannot generate something like this because it's not a valid expression.
Okay, or like this.
These are not valid ones.
So if n is 3 then we have five such pairs and you can verify that all of the parentheses are balanced.
That means opening is matching with the corresponding closing bracket.
The one thing to observe is if you have input of length n or if input is 3 you need to fill
six places.
Okay.
You can we apply the recursion funda to solve this problem recursively?
How can we think recursion in such problems?
That is what we want to learn
So the idea is similar.
What you can do?
You fill one position with maybe an opening bracket or with the closing bracket, and you make a recursive
call for the remaining part.
Okay.
Now there is one problem.
all the combinations are not valid.
Okay.
For example, a string cannot start with the closing bracket.
So there are some rules that we need to think of while placing the placing these brackets in the corresponding
position.
Okay.
So this is true.
We can use recursion, we can fill for an index.
i or fill out the starting position and make a recursive call for the remaining sub problem.
That is true.
Okay, so what are the rules we should keep in mind while filling these, so the first rule is
Whenever you are placing a opening bracket or whenever you are placing a closing bracket.
We must have some opening bracket which has come before the closing bracket.
That means if I'm making a string like this, I want to put a closing bracket here can I put a closing
bracket here.
the answer is
Yes, because we have till now we have three opening brackets and closing brackets till now is zero.
We can put this closing bracket.
Okay, maybe I put, I'll go to the next position.
I put a closing bracket here.
I go to the next position.
can I put a closing bracket here, the answer is no because we had three opening and we had three
closing till now.
We cannot put a closing bracket.
Okay.
Let us say.
The value of an is four.
In that case, we will not put our closing bracket here, although we have both the options.
But putting a closing bracket does not follow the rule.
That closing should come after opening bracket.
Okay, so this is wrong.
can i put a opening bracket here?.
The answer is yes.
I can put a opening bracket here.
I go to the next index, can I put a opening bracket here.
The answer is no.
Why?
Because the count of opening bracket must be less than N.
if we want to place an opening bracket.
Okay, so if you have placed 3 opening brackets and N is four, then you can add one.
But if you have already placed one, two, three, four opening brackets, you cannot place one more
opening bracket.
Okay.
So ultimately you will try placing a closing bracket.
Can we put a closing bracket, the answer is yes, because opening is 4 closing is 3.
We can put a closing bracket here.
so what I'm trying to say.
You try to put both opening and closing, but one of these rules may restrict, either placing an opening
bracket or placing a closing bracket.
Okay.
So in order to do, just to simplify these rules, the count of close should be less than the count
of current opening brackets.
Then you can place a closing bracket.
And for opening bracket, the count of open should be less than the number of brackets you can place
that is N.
Then you can place an opening bracket.
Okay.
So these two are independent conditions.
We have to take these two conditions independently.
If one of these or both of these conditions are true, then you can place the corresponding bracket.
Okay.
So this is what we are going to do.
Now, let us try to solve this for a small example.
Let's say we have an equal to 2 and I need to fill four positions.
Okay.
So in the beginning, can I put a closing bracket here the answer is NO, can i put a  opening bracket here?.
The answer is yes.
We put an open you make a call on this part.
We are here.
Can we put a closing bracket here?
The answer is yes.
Can we put the opening record here than three?
Yes.
So both of the conditions are true because opening count is one which is less than two and closing count
is zero, which is less than one.
Okay.
So we will make two calls, one for the opening bracket.
And one for the closing bracket.
We make call like this and now we're left with this sub problem and this sub problem.
So what we do here, can we put a opening bracket here, the answer is.
No, can we put a closing bracket here, the.
answer is
Yes, we put the closing bracket.
here, we come here
Can we put a opening bracket here?
the answer is no
Can we put a closing bracket, the answer is
Yes.
So we get this one.
Okay.
So we get the first output.
And what about this?
The opening is one.
Closing is one.
Can we put a opening
Yes.
Can we put a closing the
answer is no
We can put a opening bracket here.
Can we put a closing?
No.
Can we put a opening?
Can we put a closing?
Yes, we can.
put, so this is the second output that we get.
Now, you can see this is actually a brute force algorithm.
Okay.
And we are using recursion to build this brute force logic.
And in this logic, we are adding some conditions to restrict the branches that are not valid.
Okay.
We are not going to into branches that lead to wrong output.
So we are actually doing some kind of tree proning here.
So this is.
The way to solve this particular problem.
And in the next video, we will see the implementation.
That's all see you guys in the next video.